<MEN LAUGHING>
[JAKE] BOYS, THANKS
FOR DROPPING BY, BUT
I'M KIND OF WORKING HERE.
YOU KNOW, I AM
FAMILIAR WITH THE INTRICACIES
OF THE STAKE-OUT, JAKE.
-NOW HAND ME A BEER.
-IS THIS REALLY
WHAT YOU DO ALL DAY?
FOLLOW CHEATING HUSBANDS?
SOMETIMES, YES.
I'VE BEEN FOLLOWING
THIS GUY FOR MONTHS,
I STILL DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING ON TAPE YET.
AH, LET'S JUST HIT GEORGE
STREET, MAN. GIRLS LIKE ME
BETTER WHEN THEY ARE DRUNK.
OH, WELL, NOW. WHAT'S THIS?
AW, IT'S FOR THE GIRLFRIEND.
HOW SWEET.
ALLISON JENKINS, MAN.
SHE'S THE HOTTEST
LAWYER IN TOWN,
GUARANTEED. WELL, PRESENT
COMPANY EXCLUDED, OF COURSE.
JUST GIVE ME THAT.
OH, HEY!
<GRUNTS>
OOH! SWEET!
CAN I HAVE THIS OR WHAT?
COME ON.
<CELLPHONE RINGING>
[WALTER] NO!
OH, HI! HOT GAL!
HEY, UM, I'VE BEEN
THINKING ABOUT UPPING
THOSE STAKES IN BED.
-WHAT'S THAT THING THAT YOU
DO TO ME I LOVE SO MUCH?
-<LAUGHING>
UH... <LAUGHING>
WHAT? JAKE?
HI, SORRY ABOUT THAT.
THAT WAS MY DICKWEED BROTHER.
YOU'RE STILL WORKING?
UH, YEAH. I MIGHT
BE HERE FOR A WHILE.
WELL, IF YOU GET OFF
AT A DECENT HOUR, AND YOU
FEEL LIKE COMING BY, DO, OKAY?
YEAH, LET'S JUST SEE
HOW THIS GOES.
HEY, LOOK, HEY, CHECK ME
OUT, EH? FANCY, WHAT?
GIVE IT TO ME OR DIE!
WHAT?
SORRY, THAT WASN'T FOR YOU.
ACTUALLY, I DO HAVE
SOMETHING FOR YOU,
TO BE HONEST, UH.
I'D LIKE TO GIVE IT TO
YOU LATER, MAYBE
TONIGHT OR TOMORROW.
OKAY. BYE.
OKAY, TOUCH THIS AGAIN,
AND FINGERS GET BROKE.
ALL RIGHT!
NO ONE BUYS A GIFT
LIKE THAT UNLESS THEY FELT
GUILTY ABOUT SOMETHING.
EH, HEY, WHOA, WHOA, WAIT!
IS THAT YOUR CHEATING
HUSBAND AT 11 O'CLOCK?
ALL RIGHT, LADS.
LIKE I SAID, IT'S BEEN SWELL.
I'VE GOT WORK TO DO.
DID HE JUST USE
A SPECIAL KNOCK?
AH, SPECIAL KNOCK!
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT
MEANS? STRIPPERS!
OKAY, YOU CAN EITHER STAY
HERE OR YOU CAN GO HOME,
BUT I GOTTA GO IN THERE.
I JUST WANNA SEE
SOME BOOB, MAN!
HEY, I SAW THAT SPECIAL KNOCK.
<CHUCKLES>
DID YOU?
HE NEEDS US!
WE'RE GOING IN!
AH! OW, MAN.
ALL RIGHT! I GOT A GOOD
FEELING ABOUT THIS!
I THINK WE'RE GONNA
SEE SOME BOOB.
WOW, IT'S A BUFFET
OF HIGH-POWERED
LAWYERS AND JUDGES.
YEAH, A LITTLE SECRET
SOCIETY KIND OF THING.
IS THIS SEAT TAKEN?
MR. MAYOR.
JAKE.
ALL THE STARS ARE OUT
TONIGHT, WHAT?
JUST A BIT A FUN,
THAT'S ALL.
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
RUNNING A LITTLE LOW
ON HAPPINESS THERE.
SO, WHAT'S THE BUY IN?
[GUNMAN] NOBODY MOVE!
HANDS ON THE TABLE!
EMPTY YOUR POCKETS!
WALLETS, WATCHES. NOW!
OKAY.
[GUNMAN] MONEY IN THE BAG.
OW! WHAT THE HELL, MAN?
SHUT UP,
AND EMPTY YOUR POCKETS!
I DON'T GOT ANYTHING
IN MY POCKETS!
JAKE, DON'T BE AN IDIOT.
[GUNMAN] PUT IT ALL
IN THE BAG.
FINE!
[GUNMAN] EVERYTHING.
UGH.
[GUNMAN] EVERYBODY STAY STILL.
LADIES.
ALL RIGHT, THIS IS WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT!
[GUNMAN] SHUT UP!
[GUNMAN] EVERYBODY
GETS THEIR TURN.
BROTHER.
♪OH, YEAH♪
♪OH, YEAH-E-YEAH
E-YEAH-E-YEAH♪
♪OH, YEAH♪
COME ON, MAN.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
IT'S JUST A NECKLACE. WHAT?
OKAY, IT'S YOUR FAULT
THAT I BROUGHT
THE FRIGGIN' NECKLACE
IN THERE IN THE FIRST PLACE.
<CHUCKLES>
MY FAULT?
GIVE ME A BREAK.
WHATEVER.
ALL RIGHT. I'LL BUY
YOU A NEW ONE. YEAH,
WHAT'D IT COST YOU?
THAT MUCH?
[JAKE] WHAT'S ALL THIS?
MY BACK. IT'S KILLING ME.
I THREW IT OUT LAST NIGHT.
OH. YOU NEED SOME PAINKILLERS?
I KNOW A GUY,
IF YOU'RE LOOKIN'.
<CHUCKLES>
COME ON, IT'S A JOKE!
[MAL] WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIM?
[CHRISTIAN] BROKEN HEART.
SOMEONE STOLE THE NECKLACE
HE GOT FOR HIS GIRLFRIEND.
SOMEONE, YEAH, BUT JUST...
I NEED YOUR HELP.
I SUPPOSE I COULD, UH...
NO, YOU DON'T,
MALACHY DOYLE. I TOLD
YOU, DOCTOR'S ORDERS.
SORRY GUYS,
HE'S ALL MINE TODAY.
IF YOU NEED BACKUP,
GET CHRISTIAN TO HELP YA.
OH, HE'S BEEN ENOUGH HELP
ALREADY, HAVEN'T YA?
I'M GOOD ON MY OWN, THANKS.
NAH, I'LL HELP YOU, JAKE.
YEAH, THIS'LL BE FUN.
GOOD. NOW, GET OUT.
THE TWO O' YE.
JUST STOP FOLLOWING ME AROUND!
[CHRISTIAN] I'M NOT
FOLLOWING YOU!
<BOTH PANTING>
PRETENDING I HAVE
A BAD BACK IS GIVING
ME A BAD BACK.
I DON'T FEEL TOTALLY
RIGHT ABOUT LYING.
IT'S NOT MY STRONG SUIT.
YOU OWE ME, OKAY?
I'VE BEEN WAITING MONTHS FOR A
HONEYMOON THAT NEVER COMES.
ONE DAY, THAT'S ALL I ASK.
I KNOW. IT'S FINE.
BESIDES, IT'LL GIVE
JAKE AND CHRISTIAN
SOME QUALITY BONDING TIME.
IF THEY DON'T KILL
EACH OTHER IN THE PROCESS.
[CHRISTIAN] YOU BLAME ME
FOR LOSING THE BIG PRESENT?
[CHRISTIAN] LET ME HELP YOU
GET IT BACK.
[JAKE] WHATEVER, CHRISTIAN.
JUST SHUT UP, ALL RIGHT?
WHAT PRESENT? YOU GOT
A PRESENT? IS IT FOR ME?
ALL RIGHT, SO THIS JUDGE
AND HALF THE LAWYERS IN TOWN
WERE AT THE POKER GAME.
IT'S A WHO'S WHO
OF HIGH-POWERED DEGENERATES.
THE MASKED GUNMAN, RIGHT?
HE SNAPS A BUNCH OF PICTURES,
SO, IF YOU TRY TO TURN HIM IN,
YOUR PICTURE ENDS UP IN THE
FRONT PAGE OF THE PAPER.
[CHRISTIAN] PRETTY GOOD HEIST.
OH, THE GIFT WAS
FOR ALLISON! I GET IT.
WHAT WAS IT?
AN ENGAGEMENT RING?
YOU GETTING MARRIED?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT WAS A NECKLACE,
AND WHY ARE YOU EVEN TALKING?
I WASN'T. I WAS JUST...
<STAMMERS> THINKING...
DID YOU GET YOUR HAIR CUT? NO?
BIG QUESTION,
WHY WAS THE MAYOR THERE?
HMM. WHERE?
-<CELLPHONE RINGING>
-LET'S FIND THIS GUNMAN.
LET'S DO THIS!
KNOCK IT OFF.
JAKE? HELLO?
LET ME GUESS.
YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR SOME GAMBLING TIPS.
<LAUGHS> NO, NO. UM,
ACTUALLY I WAS HOPING I COULD,
UH, HAVE A WORD.
REALLY?
MAL, HE PROBABLY
PINCHED A NERVE.
OR EARLY SIGNS
OF SKELETAL DECAY.
HE'S NOT AS LIMBER
AS HE USED TO BE.
WHAT CAN I DO TO HELP YOU?
AH, NO, NO, NO. NOT ON
THE PHONE. UM, CAN WE MEET?
HOW LIMBER ARE YOU?
WHOA! HEY!
I'M ACTUALLY KIND OF
BUSY AT THE MOMENT.
COME ON, PLEASE, JAKE.
THIS WILL ONLY TAKE
A MINUTE OF YOUR TIME.
[DES] UNCLE! UNCLE! UNCLE!
<LAUGHING>
FINE. CAN YOU MEET ME NOW?
UH, NOW? GREAT, YEAH,
NOW IS PERFECT.
STOP, STOP, STOP! JAKE!
WHAT? WHERE WE GOING?
<STAMMERS> HEY!
I'LL JUST HOLD DOWN THE...
THE OFFICE. THE FORT.
DID YOU GUYS EAT?
I MADE SANDWICHES!
OKAY, I'LL JU... HMM...
I THOUGHT WE'D BE ALONE.
DON'T MIND ME.
YEAH, HE'S JUST
MY BROTHER. NO HARM.
RIGHT. WELL, UH,
THAT'S GREAT. THANKS.
THANKS FOR COMING.
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
I'M SURE YOU UNDERSTAND
MY, UM, CONCERN ABOUT
THE EVENTS OF LAST NIGHT.
<CLICKS TONGUE> YEAH.
YOU INDULGE IN ONE
LITTLE VICE, WHAT?
NEXT THING YOU KNOW YOU GOT
A HOOKER IN YOUR LAP,
AND THREE GRAMS
OF COKE ON YOUR PLATE.
IT'S A CLASSIC TALE.
THOSE PHOTOS?
THEY CAN'T GET OUT.
I MEAN, I CAN'T EVEN
THINK ABOUT WHAT
THAT WOULD DO TO LESLIE.
LESLIE?
YEAH.
AND THE FACT THAT YOU'RE
FACING AN ELECTION CAMPAIGN
HAS NOTHING TO DO
WITH IT, RIGHT?
YEAH, YEAH, OF COURSE
IT DOES, BUT EITHER WAY I NEED
TO GET THAT CAMERA, AND, UM...
I WANNA PAY YOU TO FIND IT.
YOU WANNA HIRE ME?
YEAH.
WHATEVER, FINE.
WELL, THAT'S GREAT,
THAT'S GREAT. AND OBVIOUSLY
I DON'T NEED TO REMIND YOU
THAT THIS CONVERSATION
NEVER HAPPENED?
OBVIOUSLY.
OR THE POKER GAME, EITHER.
<CLICKS TONGUE>
[JAKE] THAT'S A NICE RIDE
FOR A MAYOR.
YEAH. THAT ONE HAS
THE WANT IN HIS EYES.
IN THE WORST WAY.
BUT ISN'T IT A LITTLE
EARLY FOR THIS?
HONEYMOON. PICTURE YOURSELF
ON A BEACH SOMEWHERE.
SHOULDN'T YOU BE
WEARING YOUR BIKINI?
<GLASSES CLINK>
LET'S JUST SEE WHERE
NUMBER THREE TAKES US.
-MAYBE I SHOULD CHECK
IN WITH THE BOYS.
-<GRUNTS>
MAKE SURE THEY'RE
BOTH STILL ALIVE.
NO, YOU DON'T! ONE WHOLE
DAY OFF, START TO FINISH!
WE NEED TO START
TAKING MORE BREAKS.
<DOOR OPENING>
[TINNY] HELLO?
HEY.
<ROSE SIGHS>
OH, ME BACK!
POPPY, WHAT'S WRONG
WITH YA?
OH, HE'S FINE, HE
JUST... HIS BACK IS OUT.
HOW ARE YOU, HONEY?
I'M FINE.
IS THAT A TEQUILA BOTTLE
IN THE BLENDER?
TINNY, HONEY, WHY DON'T
YOU GO TO THE OFFICE
AND HELP THE BOYS?
I HAVE TO STAY HERE
WITH HIM, OBVIOUSLY.
-SURE. DO I GET PAID?
-YEAH, I'LL TAKE IT
OFF YOUR RENT.
<CHUCKLES>
SEE YOU LATER, POPPY.
I HOPE YOU FEEL BETTER.
THANKS, SWEETHEART.
<DOOR OPENS>
<DORR CLOSES>
YOU HAVE ME LYING
TO MY GRANDDAUGHTER NOW!
SHE'LL LIVE! ANYONE FOR
MICROWAVABLE COCONUT SHRIMP?
NOW WE'RE TALKING.
<GLASSES CLINK>
<ROSE GIGGLES>
SO WHAT, LANCE,
YOU WERE WORKING
IN FRONT
OF THE RESTAURANT
ALL LAST NIGHT, RIGHT?
YEAH, YOU CALL IT WORKING.
STOOD AROUND FOR HOURS
BATTING MY EYELASHES,
AND I NEVER GOT A SINGLE BITE.
YEAH, BUDDY. DON'T WORRY.
IT'S, UH, THEM, NOT YOU, OKAY?
SO, TELL ME,
DID YOU SEE ANYTHING?
YEAH, I SAW THREE WORKING
GIRLS WAITING IN THE ALLEYWAY.
REALLY? WHAT'D THEY LOOK LIKE?
OH, THEY WERE DRESSED
SKIMPILY AS ALL HELL.
THEY WERE WITH THIS LITTLE,
UH, LITTLE SQUIRRELY FELLA.
-SEE WHERE THEY WENT?
-YEAH. BUDDY TOOK OFF
ON FOOT, AND THEN, UM...
AND THEN THE GIRLS HOPPED
IN A CAB AND DROVE AWAY.
IF YOU SEE ANYTHING ELSE,
ANYTHING AT ALL, GIVE ME
A CALL, ALL RIGHT?
SEE YA. THANKS.
THERE WAS ONE OTHER
WEIRD THING, THOUGH.
THERE WERE SUITS.
YEAH, THERE WAS TWO SUITS
SITTING IN A VAN.
WELL, WHAT WERE THEY DOING?
[LANCE] JUST WATCHING.
WATCHING WHO? THE GIRLS?
I DON'T KNOW.
SEEMED LIKE NARCS TO ME.
ALL RIGHT, LANCE. THANKS!
WHAT THE HELL ARE WE
EVEN LOOKING FOR HERE?
THIS IS DISGUSTING.
WE'RE LOOKING
FOR EVIDENCE, MY BROTHER.
REALLY? IN THE GARBAGE
BEHIND THE RESTAURANT
THAT HE JUST ROBBED?
YOU THINK HE JUST
DUMPED THE GUN HERE?
JUST IMAGINE THAT YOU'RE
A PANICKED MORON, OKAY?
AND YOU JUST MADE IT RICH.
NOW, THE PANICKED MORON
THING SHOULD BE EASY
FOR YOU TO IDENTIFY WITH.
HEY, HEY! I'M TRAINED
AS A LAWYER, OKAY?
I UNDERSTAND CRIMINAL...
<LAUGHS>
LOOK! NOW, WHAT'D I TELL YA?
LOOK FAMILIAR?
THESE COULD BE THE COVERALLS
THAT OUR GUNMAN WAS
WEARING LAST NIGHT.
CHECK THE MANUFACTURER'S
LABEL ON THAT, AND CROSS
REFERENCE IT WITH ANY STORE
IN ST. JOHN'S THAT MIGHT
CARRY THAT KIND OF COVERALL.
WE MIGHT GET LUCKY.
MAYBE THE GUY WAS STUPID
ENOUGH TO USE A CREDIT CARD
OR HIS DEBIT OR SOMETHING.
ISN'T THAT THE JUDGE
FROM LAST NIGHT?
<TIRES SCREECHING>
HMM. GUESS THE MAYOR'S
NOT THE ONLY ONE WORRIED
ABOUT THOSE PHOTOS.
MAYBE HE CAME BACK HERE
TO COVER HIS TRACKS,
BUT WE BEAT HIM TO IT.
SEE YOU LATER.
WHERE'RE YOU GOING?
JUST... CHECK OUT
THE COVERALLS, AND LOOK
INTO THE JUDGE.
EARN YOUR KEEP
OR YOU'LL BE FIRED.
<CLICKS TONGUE>
DES, WHAT'S WITH YOU?
I'M TRYING TO GET THIS BORING
CRAP DONE OVER HERE.
I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE THAT
I GET A PROMOTION,
AND I'M STUCK SITTING
ON THE BENCH.
MEANWHILE, THE NEW GUY
GETS TO RIDE SHOTGUN
RIGHT OUTTA THE GATE.
WELL, WHAT DOES UNCLE
JAKE ALWAYS TELL YA?
TO GET AWAY FROM HIM?
THE OTHER THING.
I HAVE UNUSUALLY LONG ARMS?
<CHUCKLES>
NO! TAKE INITIATIVE.
GET OUT THERE ON YOUR OWN.
NO, NO, NO. HE USUALLY
YELLS AT ME FOR THAT.
HE WOULDN'T YELL AT
YOU IF YOU ACTUALLY FOUND
SOMETHING WORTH FINDING.
OKAY, WHAT ABOUT
THIS JEAN FRANCIS WOMAN?
I DON'T KNOW.
SHE HAS A FOUNDATION DOWNTOWN.
GO SEE HER,
DO A LITTLE DIGGING.
SHOW SOME INDEPENDENCE, DES!
YEAH! INDEPENDENCE!
WILL YOU GO WITH ME, THOUGH?
SURE.
GOOD, GOOD.
<EXHALES>
<DOOR CLOSES>
[ALLISON] THERE YOU ARE.
YEAH, I HAD A LONG NIGHT.
DO YOU MIND IF I, UH,
JUST GO TAKE A SHOWER?
I'D OFFER YOU SOME
COFFEE, BUT I DON'T
HAVE ANY CREAM.
I AM SO SICK OF LIVING
IN A HOTEL ROOM. I JUST...
I WISH THAT ONE OF US
HAD A BIGGER PLACE.
-YEAH!
-[ALLISON] YOU KNOW,
SOMEWHERE WHERE WE'D HAVE,
I DON'T KNOW, LIKE, A KITCHEN?
"WE?"
I'M NOT PRESSURING YOU.
RIGHT.
I'M JUST POINTING OUT
THAT I LIVE IN A HOTEL ROOM,
AND YOU LIVE IN AN OFFICE.
WELL, I LIKE IT HERE
PERSONALLY. I MEAN,
IT'S GOT CLEANERS, YOU KNOW?
IT'S GOT ROOM SERVICE.
IT'S REALLY QUITE LUXURIOUS...
-[ALLISON] JAKE.
-[JAKE] OKAY, WHAT'RE
YOU GETTING AT HERE?
I'M NOT ASKING YOU TO MOVE IN
WITH ME OR ANYTHING.
OR ANYTHING.
I'M JUST POINTING OUT THAT
I'M SICK OF LIVING OUT
OF A SUITCASE. THAT'S ALL.
BUT HEY! I GOT YOU SOMETHING.
-OKAY.
-I MEAN I HAD, I MEAN
I HAVE! I HAVE IT, IN A WAY,
BUT, UH...
WELL, WHAT IS IT?
IT'S A PRESENT,
AND I AM GOING TO GIVE IT
TO YOU AT A LATER DATE.
WELL, FOR FUTURE REFERENCE,
THAT LEAD-IN SHOULD PROBABLY
BE FOLLOWED BY WHATEVER
IT WAS THAT YOU REFERRING TO.
JUST SAYING.
<DOOR OPENS>
SEE YA.
<DOOR CLOSES>
-OH, HEY.
-NO, NO, NO.
GO BACK TO SLEEP.
IT'S OKAY. I WAS GONNA
GET UP ANYWAY.
NO, NO, NO. YOU WERE
WORKING ALL NIGHT.
I'LL GET OUT OF YOUR HAIR.
LEFT MY DATEBOOK
BEHIND, YESTERDAY.
YES, I THOUGHT YOU WERE GONNA
COME BACK HERE LAST NIGHT.
WELL, I WENT OUT
WITH THE LADS, REMEMBER?
-COME ON, I TOLD
YOU ABOUT THAT.
-OH YEAH, HOCKEY.
-YEAH.
-YOU KNOW, YOU SHOULD
GET A BETTER ICE TIME.
YOU ARE THE MAYOR, YOU KNOW.
ALL RIGHT, I DID GO OUT
FOR A FEW AFTER, BUT I ENDED
UP CRASHING AT MY PLACE.
-LOOK, I'LL, UH, COME AFTER
WORK IF IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
-OKAY.
SLEEP.
HOW'S THAT NEW CORVETTE?
MUST'VE COST A FORTUNE.
WHAT, THAT? I... I LEASED IT.
OH.
WHAT, D'YA THINK I BOUGHT IT?
<CHUCKLES>
IT'S, UM, OPTICS, YOU KNOW?
PEOPLE SEE YOU AS A WINNER,
THEY VOTE FOR YOU. I'LL DITCH
IT AFTER THE ELECTION.
OH, LOOK, HERE.
GOT YOU YOUR OWN KEYS.
YUP.
<DOOR CLOSES>
<DOOR UNLOCKING>
YEAH, SO I TRACED THE
COVERALLS TO THREE
STORES, AND I...
<WHISPERS> SHH! SHUT UP!
CLOSE THE DOOR!
AND I CALLED EVERY STORE
PRETENDING TO BE A BANK.
JUST PUT THESE ON.
TRACKING A TRANSACTION.
IT WORKED.
GOOD FOR YOU. WHAT'D YOU
SAY THIS GUY'S NAME WAS AGAIN?
HARRY HOLDEN.
DAY LABORER. HE'S GOT
A RAP SHEET A MILE LONG.
PETTY THEFT, MOSTLY.
WELL, LOOK AROUND.
CHECK THE DRAWERS,
CHECK THE CLOSETS,
SEE IF YOU CAN'T
FIND MY NECKLACE.
I DONT KNOW. FEELS KINDA
KINKY, LOOKING THROUGH
PEOPLE'S STUFF LIKE THIS.
OKAY, TRY NOT TO LINGER
IN THE GUY'S UNDERWEAR DRAWER
FOR TOO LONG,
ALL RIGHT, BROTHER?
BINGO.
OOH!
GOT IT.
NICE. HAVE WE GOTTA NECKLACE?
WELL, I DONT KNOW.
I HAVEN'T CHECKED YET, HAVE I?
IT'S NOT HERE, SON OF A...
HEY! WHOA! IT'S OKAY, MAN.
HE MUST'VE SOLD IT ALREADY.
WELL, LOOK AT THIS.
THE MAYOR'S GONNA BE HAPPY.
YEAH.
HEY, MAYBE HE PUT
THE GOOD STUFF SOMEWHERE ELSE?
PEOPLE ALWAYS STASH THEIR GOOD
STUFF UNDER THE MATTRESS.
[JAKE] YEAH, MAYBE.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
I THINK I FOUND HARRY HOLDEN.
<SIGHS>
[DES] AN APPOINTMENT?
UH, WELL, WHY DON'T I JUST,
LIKE, MAKE AN APPOINTMENT FOR,
LIKE, 10 MINUTES FROM NOW,
I'LL GO GET A COFFEE
AND COME RIGHT BACK.
COULD BE A CHAI LATTE
IN IT FOR YA.
CHAI LATTE!
DES! COME HERE.
IT'S THE FRANCIS WOMAN
WITH THE MAYOR.
OH, LOOK, LOOK, LOOK!
THERE SHE IS WITH BUDDY
THE PUFFIN! COOL!
BUT THE MAYOR WAS
AT THE POKER GAME, RIGHT?
TAKE A PICTURE OF THAT ONE.
IT COULD MEAN SOMETHING.
RIGHT.
[JEAN] I'M SORRY,
CAN I HELP YOU?
UH, YEAH, YEAH. UH, I, I'M
DES COURTNEY WITH DOYLE
AND COURTNEY INVESTIGATIONS.
CAN YOU ANSWER A FEW
QUESTIONS ABOUT LAST NIGHT?
WHO'RE YOU WORKING FOR?
UH, AN INTERESTED PARTY.
RIGHT. OKAY, UM, WELL,
I WAS UP MOST OF LAST
NIGHT WORRYING ABOUT THIS.
I DON'T SUPPOSE YOU'VE
RETRIEVED THE PHOTOS?
NO, BUT WE'RE WORKING ON IT.
<SIGHS> OKAY.
I DON'T KNOW WHY I DO IT.
YOU KNOW, THE GAMBLING?
<INHALES> SOMETHING
JUST OVERTAKES ME AND...
IT'S A PROBLEM, I KNOW THAT.
I GET THE SAME WAY
WITH JUJUBES.
YOU JUST SAY YOU'RE
JUST GONNA HAVE 30, RIGHT?
WHAT MY COLLEAGUE MEANS
IS WE ALL HAVE OUR VICES.
RIGHT, WELL, YOU HAVE
NO IDEA WHAT THOSE PHOTOS
WILL DO TO MY FOUNDATION.
WE'LL FIND THEM. DON'T WORRY.
WELL, <EXHALES> THANKS
SO MUCH FOR DROPPING BY.
OH, MS. FRANCIS?
I THINK YOU DROPPED THIS.
OH. KEEP IT, I'VE GOT MORE.
I'M A GREAT SUPPORTER
OF THE MAYOR.
HE'S EXACTLY WHAT
THIS CITY NEEDS.
GOOD LUCK.
<POLICE SIRENS WAILING>
TWO SHOTS TO THE STERNUM
WITH WHAT LOOKS LIKE
A SMALL CALIBER PISTOL.
DON'T SUPPOSE YOU WANNA TELL
ME WHAT YOU'RE DOING HERE?
UH, WE'RE JUST TRYING
TO GET SOMETHING BACK
THAT BELONGS TO ME.
A DIAMOND NECKLACE.
OH, REALLY? AND, UH,
LOOK WHAT WE GOT HERE.
IT'S A VERY NICE LIKENESS.
IT'S NOT WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
WE WERE AT A PARTY, UH,
SORT OF. WE WERE WORKING.
OH, YEAH. IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU WORKING REALLY HARD.
THOSE AREN'T OUR HOOKERS.
YOU'RE NOT HELPING.
JUST LET ME EXPLAIN.
THE ONLY THING I NEED FROM
YOU IS A STATEMENT DOWN
AT THE STATION, IF NECESSARY.
SURE.
ABSOLUTELY. UH, CAN'T WAIT.
"CAN'T WAIT"?
IT WAS A NICE IDEA,
TAKING SHOTS
OF THOSE LAP DANCE PHOTOS
BEFORE THE COPS SHOWED UP.
YEAH, WELL, PRINT THEM
OFF FOR ME, WILL YA?
I GOTTA MAKE A PHONE CALL.
I WONDER WHAT
LESLIE WOULD LOOK
LIKE DRESSED LIKE THIS.
EXCUSE ME?
IT'S A JOKE, JAKE.
JUST... WATCH YOURSELF.
THIS ONE HAS AN OAKY FLAVOR.
SEE, ALL WE HAVE TO DO
HERE IS REMOVE THREE
WALLS FROM UPSTAIRS,
EXTEND THE BATHROOM
FOR THE JACUZZI, AND WE'RE
OFF TO THE RACES!
YEAH, BUT I DON'T THINK
THE KIDS'RE GONNA APPRECIATE
LOSING THEIR ROOMS.
I THOUGHT OF THAT. WE GIVE
CHRISTIAN THE BOOT, MOVE
TINNY INTO THE SMALL ROOM,
DES TO THE OLD OFFICE,
CHANGE THE LOCKS,
AND WE'RE GOOD TO GO!
DES IN THE GARAGE?
WE'LL GET HIM A SPACE HEATER.
OOH.
<CELLPHONE RINGING>
<GRUNTING>
<INHALES DEEPLY>
YOU'RE NOT PLANNING TO EVER
MOVE BACK IN HERE, ARE YOU?
WHAT? GOD, NO.
GOOD.
ARE YOU EVER COMING BACK
TO WORK OR WHAT?
GET ALONG WITH YOUR BROTHER!
WHAT, I... WE ARE GETTING
ALONG! ANSWER MY QUESTION.
ARE YOU COMING BACK
TO WORK OR NOT?
LOOK! USE THIS TIME
TOGETHER. IT'S PRECIOUS.
ARE YOU DRUNK?
-WHAT?
-NO! IT'S THE DRUGS, JAKE.
AND HE NEEDS HIS REST.
[ROSE] DOCTOR'S ORDERS.
WHAT'RE YOU DOING?
LET'S TRY THE 21-YEAR-OLD
SINGLE MALT,
AND GO OVER PLAN B.
DES AND TINNY
MOVE IN WITH JAKE.
NICE. <CHUCKLES>
WHAT'S THIS? NO, YOU TOOK
THE ACTUAL PHOTO OF THE MAYOR?
JAKE, IT'S EVIDENCE
IN A MURDER CASE.
YEAH, WELL, I DIDN'T
WANT LESLIE TO SEE IT.
OKAY, I'M NOT SURE WHAT
YOU'RE THINKING HERE, BUT
MY GUT TELLS ME THAT THIS
IS NOT ONLY ABOUT LESLIE.
WELL, TELL YOUR GUT
TO SHUT ITS MOUTH.
HEY, IT'S A LITTLE
OBVIOUS THAT YOU'RE,
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE JEALOUS OF THE MAYOR.
IT'S UNDERSTANDABLE.
HE'S GOOD-LOOKING. POWERFUL.
CHRISTIAN, PLEASE STOP
PESTERING ME.
I'M YOUR OLDER BROTHER.
IT'S MY RIGHT.
OKAY, FOCUS ON FINDING
MY REAL GIRLFRIEND'S NECKLACE.
<CELLPHONE RINGING>
<SIGHS>
-[JAKE ON PHONE] WHAT DO YOU WANT?
-UH, OKAY.
DON'T GET MAD. I WENT
TO SEE JEAN FRANCIS
AND I'M STILL THERE NOW.
JEAN FRAN... WHO TOLD YOU
TO GO SEE ANYBODY?
UH, I CAN'T REVEAL MY SOURCES?
DES ACTUALLY GOT A LOT
OUT OF THE LADY.
HE FOUND OUT SHE'S
A COMPULSIVE GAMBLER,
AND HE GOT A PHOTO
OF HER WITH THE MAYOR.
REALLY? WELL, MAYBE THERE'S
MORE OF A CONNECTION
THERE THAN WE THOUGHT.
[TINNY] SHE SAID SHE'S
A BIG SUPPORTER.
[DES] OKAY, SO WHAT DO YOU
WANT ME TO DO NOW?
PUT TINNY BACK ON THE PHONE.
LOOK INTO JEAN FRANCIS,
OKAY? AND THE FOUNDATION.
SEE IF YOU CAN FIND ANY REASON
AT ALL WHY SHE'D WANNA
HOLD UP A POKER GAME.
OKAY.
HEY, LISTEN. UM, WITH REGARDS
TO CHRISTIAN WORKING WITH YOU,
I JUST GOTTA SAY,
I THINK SENIORITY SHOULD
COME INTO PLAY HERE, MAN.
I KNOW YOU DON'T WANT
A UNION COMING IN HERE
AND EVERYTHING, BUT...
HELLO?
HELLO, JAKE?
SO, EVERYONE'S GOT
A PHOTO EXCEPT FOR THE JUDGE.
WHERE'S HIS?
I DON'T KNOW. MAYBE THE
GUNMAN LOST IT?
OR MAYBE THE JUDGE
IS THE ONE THAT HIRED
THE GUNMAN IN THE FIRST PLACE,
AND HE GOT HIS PICTURE BACK.
HE SHOWED UP WHEN WE
WERE GETTING THOSE
COVERALLS OUTTA THE GARBAGE.
MAYBE HE WAS THERE
TO GET THEM HIMSELF?
TRYING TO COVER HIS TRACKS?
BUT WHY WOULD THAT GUY
HOLD UP A POKER GAME?
I DON'T KNOW. MAYBE HE NEEDED
THE MONEY. YOU KNOW, PAY OFF
DEBTS, GAMBLING DEBTS MAYBE?
<CELLPHONE RINGING>
[CHRISTIAN] YOU'RE GONNA GET
BRAIN CANCER TALKING ON THAT
THING ALL THE TIME.
HI.
I HEARD ABOUT THE GUNMAN.
DID YOU FIND MY PHOTO?
UH... NO. NOT YET, BUT
UH, I'M LOOKING INTO IT.
DON'T WORRY.
GREAT, GREAT. I APPRECIATE IT.
DID YOU SAY ANYTHING
TO LESLIE ABOUT ALL THIS?
BECAUSE SHE WAS ASKING
QUESTIONS THIS MORNING ABOUT
WHAT I WAS DOING LAST NIGHT.
YEAH, WELL, HERE'S AN IDEA.
WHY DON'T YOU TELL HER?
YEAH, YEAH, I THINK
THAT SHIP HAS SAILED.
LOOK, I HOPE I CAN
CONTINUE TO RELY
ON YOUR DISCRETION ON THIS.
<SIGHS> YEAH, WELL,
I'LL KEEP YOU POSTED
IF I FIND ANYTHING NEW.
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW. I JUST...
I'M GETTING THIS FEELING
LIKE I'M BEING PLAYED
OR SOMETHING.
LET'S GO TRACK DOWN
THAT JUDGE.
<DOOR OPENS>
CAN'T BELIEVE
THE JUDGE AGREED TO SEE US.
HE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW
WHO WE ARE.
WELL, MAYBE HE'S EXPECTING
SOMEONE. OR SOMETHING.
YOU NEVER KNOW, RIGHT?
<CLEARS THROAT>
WHAT DO YOU TWO WANT?
HEY THERE, JUDGE NELSON.
I BELIEVE WE MET
AT THE POKER GAME LAST NIGHT,
AND WE SPOTTED
EACH OTHER EARLIER TODAY.
I KNOW WHO YOU ARE. I
GOT THE PHONE MESSAGES.
THE ANSWER IS STILL NO.
-WHAT PHONE MESSAGES?
-WE NEVER LEFT ANY PHONE
MESSAGES, YOUR HONOR.
YEAH, RIGHT!
YOU SHOW UP AT THE GAME,
IT'S SUDDENLY HELD UP.
I SAW YOU FISHING
YOUR BUDDY'S COVERALLS
OUT OF THE TRASH.
NO, NO, NO.
LOOK, YOU'RE ALL MIXED UP
HERE, OKAY?
WE'RE NOT WORKING WITH THE GUY
WHO RIPPED OFF THE POKER GAME
IN FACT, WE FOUND HIM DEAD
EARLIER TODAY.
WHAT?
IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO BE SOME KIND OF THREAT?
NO! JUDGE NELSON, WE--
NOW, YOU LISTEN TO ME!
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU DO
WITH THAT PHOTO
I AM NOT CAVING TO BLACKMAIL.
AND YOU CAN SEND THAT MESSAGE
BACK TO THE COWARD
THAT SENT YOU.
WHOA, BLACKMAIL? LISTEN,
PALLY, YOU GOT US MIXED UP
WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
CALL IT WHATEVER YOU WANT.
THE ANSWER IS STILL NO.
NOW, GET THE HELL OUT
OR I'LL HAVE YOU THROWN OUT.
I THINK WE SHOULD DO
WHAT THE MAN SAYS.
NICE WORK.
NOW THE JUDGE THINKS
WE'RE BLACKMAILING HIM.
WELL, SOMEONE'S
BLACKMAILING HIM,
AND WHOEVER IT IS, KNOWS
WHERE TO FIND MY NECKLACE.
I'M SORRY, BROTHER.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT A NECKLACE.
THIS IS ABOUT A PISSING MATCH
BETWEEN YOU AND THE MAYOR.
EVEN AS A LITTLE KID
YOU HATED BEING WRONG.
<CELLPHONE RINGING>
WRONG?
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT, "WRONG?"
HELLO?
HEY.
I MIGHT BE PARANOID,
BUT I THINK SOMEONE'S
WATCHING ME.
YOU'RE HOT AND YOU'RE BLONDE.
OF COURSE PEOPLE
ARE WATCHING YOU.
I'M SERIOUS.
I'M PRETTY SURE
I'M UNDER SURVEILLANCE.
I... JUST...
I'LL CALL YOU BACK
IN A FEW MINUTES, OKAY?
-WHAT IS IT?
-LESLIE THINKS SOMEONE'S
FOLLOWING HER
OR WATCHING HER OR SOMETHING.
DID YOU SLEEP WITH HER?
EXCUSE ME?
LESLIE.
WHENEVER YOU DO SOMETHING BAD,
YOU ALWAYS OVERCOMPENSATE
AND DO SOMETHING
GOOD FOR SOMEONE.
MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS,
ALL RIGHT?
THAT'S HOW YOU ENDED UP
MARRIED TO NIKKI, REMEMBER?
HOW MANY NECKLACES
THAT COST YA?
I SAID--
<TIRES SCREECHING>
WHAT'RE YOU,
TWO YEARS OLD?
HEY, WHAT THE HELL?
WHAT'RE YOU DOING?
<TIRES SCREECHING>
SO.
I'M GUESSING
YOU GUYS AREN'T...
AREN'T FROM TOWN, HUH?
RIGHT.
MR. DOYLE.
I'M I AM INSPECTOR TARRANT.
SORRY ABOUT THE DRAMATICS.
FEDS, EH?
LET ME GUESS.
ARE YOU THE GUYS
WHO'VE BEEN FOLLOWING
LESLIE BENNETT AROUND?
THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS.
OKAY.
WE HAVE INFORMATION
THAT YOU WERE AT A CERTAIN
RESTAURANT LAST NIGHT
AND THAT YOU'RE WORKING
FOR THE MAYOR.
OH, THAT'S NONE
OF YOUR BUSINESS.
SEE? DOESN'T FEEL SO NICE
WHEN IT'S SAID TO YOU,
NOW DOES IT?
DROP THE CASE, MR. DOYLE.
WHAT'S THIS ALL ABOUT?
YOU KNOW, A GUNMAN IS DEAD,
A JUDGE IS BEING BLACKMAILED.
THE LESS YOU KNOW,
THE SAFER YOU'LL BE.
THIS IS REALLY ABOUT
MAYOR BILL, ISN'T IT?
THAT'S WHO YOU'RE AFTER.
AT THE FEAR OF SOUNDING RUDE
YET AGAIN,
IT REALLY IS NONE
OF YOUR BUSINESS.
JUST STAY OUT OF IT.
HELLO?
YOU OKAY?
I WAS JUST ABOUT
TO CALL THE COPS.
YEAH, WELL
IT WAS THE COPS
WHO PICKED ME UP.
-WHAT'D THEY WANT?
-I DON'T KNOW. THEY WANT US
OFF THIS CASE.
-I DON'T KNOW WHY,
THEY WOULDN'T TELL ME.
-<PHONE RINGING>
WE NEED TO FIND OUT
WHO'S BLACKMAILING THAT JUDGE.
<JAKE> I SHOULD'VE
CALLED YOU BACK.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
OH, WELL, I WAS ARRESTED,
SORT OF.
WHAT'RE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WE'RE NOT LOOKING FOR YOU.
YEAH, WELL IT WASN'T YOU.
IT WAS THE FEDS.
THAT'S WHO'S FOLLOWING ME,
ISN'T IT?
WHY WOULD THEY BE
FOLLOWING YOU?
YOU'VE GOT NOTHING
TO HIDE, RIGHT?
RIGHT.
I'LL TALK TO YOU.
WHAT?
I JUST LOOKED UP SOME STUFF
ON THE JUDGE,
CHECKED OUT HIS DOCKET.
HE'S HEADING UP
A BIG PROVINCIAL INQUIRY.
LOOKING INTO KICKBACKS
AT CITY HALL.
TO THE TUNE
OF 20 MILLION DOLLARS.
REALLY?
BILL: HEY!
WHY SO GLUM?
THIS IS UNEXPECTED.
YEAH, I WAS JUST DOWN
THE HALL. THOUGHT I'D
COME BY AND SAY HI.
SO, GOOD DAY? BAD DAY?
AVERAGE.
BAD GUYS TELLING LIES.
SAME OLD.
OH... OH, UM,
YOU DON'T HAPPEN TO KNOW
WHAT JAKE DOYLE'S WORKING ON
NOW, DO YOU?
NO, UH, NO IDEA.
WHY D'YOU ASK?
WELL, A FRIEND HIRED HIM
AND WAS WONDERING
ABOUT HIS LEVEL OF DISCRETION,
SO, UH--
JAKE'S?
YEAH.
JAKE WOULDN'T TELL ANYBODY
ABOUT A CLIENT
IF HE WAS ASKED NOT TO.
YEAH. THAT'S
WHAT I THOUGHT. <CHUCKLES>
UNLESS I ASKED HIM.
OKAY. <CHUCKLES>
I SHOULD GET BACK TO WORK.
YEAH, UM, SURE.
HEY, HAVE A GOOD DAY.
'KAY.
HEY, HI.
WE ARE JUST TRACKING
SOME STUFF DOWN
ON JEAN FRANCIS.
YEAH. SO IT TURNS OUT
THAT SHE'S FROM
SERIOUS FAMILY MONEY.
LIKE IT STARTED
WITH A GRAVEL PIT
AND TURNED INTO MILLIONS,
AND SHE INHERITED EVERY CENT.
WELL, OBVIOUSLY,
SHE WASN'T TRYING
TO HOLD UP A CARD GAME.
KEEP LOOKING INTO HER
SEE IF YOU CAN FIND
ANY CONNECTION TO HER
AND THE MAYOR OR TO CITY HALL.
ARE WE GOING TO SEE
WHO I THINK WE ARE GOING
TO SEE?
WHAT'S WRONG?
MAYBE I AM NOT CUT OUT
TO BE A DETECTIVE.
WHAT DOES CHRISTIAN HAVE
THAT I DON'T HAVE?
<SCOFFS> THAT'S KIND OF
A COMPLICATED QUESTION.
HIM AND JAKE ARE BROTHERS.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH!
BORN ONLY BY BLOOD!
IF I COULD TAKE
JAKE'S BLOOD, I WOULD.
OKAY, WHY DON'T YOU LOOK UP
EVERYTHING YOU CAN FIND
ON ALL THESE PEOPLE.
YEAH?
YEAH.
THINK HARD.
OKAY.
OKAY, NOT TOO HARD.
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU'RE
HURTING YOURSELF.
GO GET 'EM, TIGER.
RIGHT, SURE, OKAY.
WHO? WHO DO I GET?
<CHUCKLES>
[MALACHY] JAKE, M'BOY,
HOW ARE YA?
JUST WANTED TO KNOW
WHAT CASE YOU'RE ON.
IF YOU NEED HELP.
YEAH, I COULD USE YOUR HELP
TO BE HONEST.
HOW'RE YOU AND CHRISTIAN?
YOU GETTING ALONG?
YOU SHOULD. YOU'RE BROTHERS.
WE'RE JUST DOING FINE.
HE'S DOING
A GOOD JOB, ACTUALLY.
JUST DON'T TELL HIM
I SAID THAT.
I REMEMBER THE DAY
YOU WERE BORN.
PART OF ME WAS HOPING
FOR ANOTHER GIRL,
BUT YOU MAKE THE MOST
OF WHAT YOU GOT.
OKAY, DAD,
HOW MANY OF THOSE PILLS
[JAKE] HAVE YOU TAKEN?
ROSE PAYS THE BILLS.
NO, THE PILLS. FOR YOUR BACK.
HOW MANY HAVE YOU TAKEN?
SHH, NO DRINKING AND DIALING.
GOT TO GO.
HELLO.
WHAT'RE WE DOING HERE?
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
THAT I'M HAPPY
JAKE'S NOT A DAUGHTER!
OH, DEAR GOD.
WAIT HERE.
WHY?
WHAT'RE YOU GONNA DO?
SOMETHING I SHOULD'VE DONE
A LONG TIME AGO.
[JAKE] I GOTTA TALK TO YOU.
THIS HAS TO BE QUICK, JAKE.
OKAY, SOMEONE'S USING
THOSE PHOTOS
FROM THE POKER GAME
TO BLACKMAIL A JUDGE.
A JUDGE WHO JUST HAPPENS TO BE
HEADING UP AN INQUIRY
INTO KICKBACKS AT CITY HALL.
NOW, YOU WOULDN'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT THAT,
WOULD YOU?
<CLICKS TONGUE>
INQUIRY'S CONFIDENTIAL.
IF YOU'RE INVOLVED IN THIS,
TELL ME RIGHT NOW.
JAKE, I'M THE ONE
THAT ASKED YOU TO FIND
THE CAMERA.
WHY WOULD I DO THAT
IF I WAS BEHIND IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE YOUR HIRED BLACKMAILERS
TURNED THE TABLES ON YOU.
IT'S MOTIVE ENOUGH
TO KILL SOMEBODY.
KILLED? YOU'RE PARANOID.
I... I AM THE MAYOR
OF ST. JOHN'S.
I DON'T HAVE PEOPLE KILLED!
NOW, YOU LISTEN TO ME.
I WANNA MAKE MYSELF
VERY, VERY CLEAR HERE.
IF YOU'RE INTO ANYTHING,
ANYTHING AT ALL
THAT MIGHT END UP
HURTING LESLIE...
OH, OKAY, I SEE, I SEE.
SO YOU'RE GONNA
PROTECT LESLIE?
BELIEVE ME,
SHE DOES NOT NEED YOU.
IS THAT RIGHT?
BECAUSE LESLIE KNOWS
THAT SHE IS FAR,
FAR ABOVE YOU.
I'M SORRY, WHAT DID YOU SAY?
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
STOP DREAMING. IT'S PATHETIC.
<GROANS>
OW!
LOOK AT ME.
LOOK AT ME!
IF I FIND OUT YOU'RE DIRTY,
AND WHATEVER CRAP
YOU'RE INTO HURTS LESLIE,
WE WILL CONTINUE
THIS LITTLE CHAT.
JAKE.
TINNY. TINNY!
WHAT?
I THINK I FOUND A REAL,
HONEST-TO-GOD
INVESTIGATIVE CLUE.
<SIGHS>
YOU COULD BE MORE EXCITED!
WHAT?
<CAR ALARM TURNING ON>
<CHRISTIAN> COME ON, JAKE.
THE JUDGE ISN'T GONNA WANT
TO SEE US ANYMORE
THAN HE DID BEFORE.
NO, HE'S GOT TO KNOW
WHO THE BLACKMAILER IS.
HOW DO YOU FIGURE?
WELL, HE TOLD US TO GIVE
A MESSAGE TO THE COWARD,
SO, THAT MEANS
HE PROBABLY KNOWS
WHO THE COWARD ACTUALLY IS.
YEAH, WELL HE'S NOT
ABOUT TO TELL US,
SO, LET'S GET OUT OF HERE
BEFORE SOMEONE CATCHES US.
UM, CHRISTIAN?
WHAT?
LOOKS LIKE
HE WON'T BE INVESTIGATING
ANY KICKBACKS
INTO CITY HALL AGAIN.
SOMEONE KILLED JUDGE NELSON.
OH, MY GOD!
YEAH, WITH THE SAME CALIBER
GUN THAT KILLED HARRY HOLDEN
WHOEVER DID, DID BOTH OF THEM.
WHAT THE HELL IS ALL THIS?
DES TOOK IT ON.
HE JUST LOOKED UP EVERYTHING
HE COULD FIND
ON EVERY SINGLE
PERSON INVOLVED.
PRETTY IMPRESSIVE.
YOU GOTTA LISTEN
TO WHAT HE FOUND.
I THINK
HE ACTUALLY PULLED IT OFF
THIS TIME.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, OKAY.
SO, I STARTED BY GOING
INTO JEAN FRANCIS'
FAMILY MONEY RIGHT?
<KNOCK ON DOOR>
OH! HOLD THAT THOUGHT.
HI.
HEY.
UH...
LOOK, I HAVE SOMETHING
I HAVE TO TELL YOU.
I PUNCHED BILL.
YOU PUNCHED BILL
YEAH. I GUESS HE TOLD YOU.
HE MUST'VE TOLD YOU.
NO. HE HAS A BLACK EYE
AND I KNOW HE MET WITH YOU.
DID THE MATH.
ANYTHING ELSE
YOU NEED TO TELL ME?
YEAH.
YOU MIGHT WANNA COME IN.
LOOK, JUST CAUSE
HE WAS PLAYING POKER
WHEN HE SAID
HE WAS PLAYING HOCKEY
DOESN'T MEAN HE'S CORRUPT.
HE KNEW I WOULDN'T APPROVE.
RIGHT, AND I'M SURE
THERE'S A LOT OF GUYS
WHO SAY THEY LEASED A CAR
WHEN THEY ACTUALLY PAID CASH.
AND THE JUDGE WAS LOOKING
INTO KICKBACKS AT CITY HALL?
IT DOESN'T MEAN
HE WOULD'VE FOUND ANYTHING,
OR THAT'S WHY
HE WAS BEING BLACKMAILED.
RIGHT.
AND YOU DON'T THINK SO?
DOESN'T MATTER WHAT I THINK.
WELL, BILL COULDN'T
KILL ANYBODY.
GIVE THAT BACK TO BILL.
HE'LL TELL ME
ABOUT ALL THIS
WHEN HE'S READY.
<DOOR OPENS>
<DOOR CLOSES>
<SIGHS>
SHE'S STANDING
BY HER MAN, ISN'T SHE?
YEAH, BUT I'M PRETTY SURE
HE'S NOT WORTH IT.
UNCLE JAKE.
OH, YEAH, RIGHT.
SORRY, DES. GO AHEAD.
ALL RIGHT. SO, I STARTED
BY LOOKING INTO JEAN FRANCIS'
FAMILY MONEY,
CHECKING THE VARIOUS
GENERATIONS,
THE COMPANIES
THAT FOUNDED AND GREW,
AND THEN I TOOK
THE JUDGES RESULTS
AND I STARTED
CROSS-ANALYZING AND--
[TINNY] DES!
JUST CUT TO IT, NOW.
-ALL RIGHT.
SO, UH, AFTER MAYOR BILL
WAS ELECTED,
THIS COMPANY CALLED
NEWFOUNDLAND CONCRETE
STARTED DOING
A LOT OF BUSINESS
WITH THE CITY.
YEAH, LIKE 12 MILLION DOLLARS
WORTH OF BUSINESS
LAST YEAR ALONE.
THAT'S A LOT OF SIDEWALKS.
I SEE THEIR TRUCKS
ALL OVER TOWN. SO WHAT?
NEWFOUNDLAND CONCRETE
IS OWNED
BY JEAN FRANCIS'S FAMILY.
REALLY?
WHERE'D YOU GET THIS PICTURE?
AT THE FOUNDATION.
REMEMBER I TOLD YOU
THERE WAS A PICTURE OF JEAN
AND THE MAYOR ON THE WALL?
YEAH. THERE'S SOMETHING ELSE
INTERESTING HERE.
HARRY HOLDEN'S MUG SHOT,
GIVE IT TO ME.
TRY AND STOP ME!
HEY, I GOT IT, I GOT IT.
NOW, THE LAST TIME
I SAW HARRY HOLDEN
HE WAS DEAD,
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE
THIS IS THE SAME GUY.
<DES> MMM-HMM
DES, YOU DID NICE WORK.
GREAT WORK, ACTUALLY.
THANKS! THANKS. OH MAN,
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW,
WITH THE NEW PROMOTION
AND EVERYTHING I THOUGHT...
<CELLPHONE RINGING>
I SHOULD REALLY STEP IT
UP, YOU KNOW? SO...
YEAH?
[WALTER] DUDE. YEAH, IT'S ME.
UH, LOOK.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA BELIEVE THIS,
BUT YOUR OLD PAL MAYOR BILL
AND JEAN FRANCIS?
THEY'RE HERE.
THEY'RE AT THE LUCKY DRAGON,
RIGHT NOW.
TRAGICALLY, I SEE NO HOOKERS.
OKAY, YOU KEEP THEM
THERE, ALL RIGHT?
I'M ON MY WAY.
JEAN FRANCIS AND THE MAYOR,
THEY WENT BACK
TO THE POKER GAME.
WHY WOULD THEY DO THAT
WITH ALL OF THIS HEAT
AROUND THEM?
GAMBLERS... GAMBLE?
NO. I'M PRETTY SURE
THIS AIN'T ABOUT GAMBLING.
GIMME THAT.
LET'S GO, BROTHER!
<JAKE> WELL, HELLO, THERE!
WALTER, MOVE OVER.
[WALTER] HEY, UH...
DON'T HAVE A COUPLE OF BUCKS
TO LOAN ME, DO YA?
NO, I DON'T.
HOW YOU GETTIN' ON, BILL?
UH, FINE. <LAUGHS>
NOW, I AM GLAD
EVERYONE'S HERE,
'CAUSE WE'RE NOT PLAYING
FOR MATCHSTICKS.
EVERYONE'S LITTLE SQUEAKY
CLEAN REPUTATION
IS ON THE LINE.
WELL, IT'S ALL BACK SAFE
AND SOUND,
AND, UH, IT WAS REALLY NICE
OF YOU TO BRING THESE BACK,
SO, THANKS.
THANK YOU.
OH, NO, NO. NO.
THESE AREN'T
THE ACTUAL PHOTOS.
THESE ARE DUPLICATES.
YOU SEE, THE COPS HAVE
THE REAL ONES.
REALLY?
YEAH, THE COPS.
YOU KNOW?
LIKE, LESLIE BENNETT?
YOU'VE HEARD OF HER, RIGHT?
SHE'S SEEN THESE.
SHE KNOWS ALL
ABOUT THE BLACKMAILING
OF OUR DEAD JUDGE,
SHE EVEN KNOWS
ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION
INTO CITY HALL.
BUT IT'S NOT
JUST THE TAKING OF THE BRIBES
THAT THE COPS
ARE INVESTIGATING, IS IT?
THEY'RE ALSO LOOKING
INTO WHO'S DOING THE BRIBING.
MMM.
WHY ARE YOU LOOKING AT ME?
EXCELLENT QUESTION.
HARRY HOLDEN.
ANYBODY?
GUY WITH THE MASK? THE GUN?
RIPPED OFF THE CARD GAME?
TOOK PICTURES OF YOU ALL,
YOU KNOW, WITH HOT CHICKS?
SOMEONE KILLED HIM,
AND YOU KNOW 'EM.
NOPE. NO, I DON'T KNOW
THAT MAN.
I HAVE MY PICTURE TAKEN
WITH ALL KINDS OF PEOPLE.
I RUN A FOUNDATION.
HMM, YOU ALSO OWN NEWFOUNDLAND
CONCRETE, DON'T YOU?
I'M JUST CURIOUS,
HOW MUCH MONEY WOULD YOU LOSE
IF YOU COULDN'T
BRIBE YOUR WAY
INTO CITY HALL BUSINESS?
OR IF YOU WENT TO JAIL,
SAY, FOR FRAUD?
I... I DIDN'T, I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT THIS.
I... I'VE NEVER TAKEN
A BRIBE IN MY LIFE.
I... I WOULD...
REALLY?
YEAH.
<JAKE> IS THAT TRUE, JEAN?
YOU'RE GONNA STAND ALONE
IN ALL THIS?
NOW, I'M GUESSING HARRY,
HE HAD THE GUN,
HE PULLED IT ON YOU
AND SOMEHOW
YOU GOT A HOLD OF IT, RIGHT?
HE TRIED TO TURN THE TABLES
ON YA,
YOU HAD TO SHOOT HIM.
AND THE JUDGE,
WHAT HAPPENED THERE?
HE WOULDN'T PLAY ALONG...
NO...
...SO, YOU OFFED HIM?
<LAUGHS>
EVERYBODY JUST STAY
WHERE YOU ARE.
WHAT'RE YOU GONNA DO?
SHOOT ALL OF US?
JUST YOU
IF YOU DON'T SHUT UP!
JAKE!
YEAH, I GOT THIS.
<CROWD GASPING>
<WHISTLING>
GIVE ME THAT!
<JEAN GRUNTS>
MOVE! MOVE IT!
DON'T BE STUPID, JEAN!
WHERE'RE YOU GOING?
<GUNSHOT>
I AM NOT GOING TO JAIL!
I'M PRETTY SURE
YOU ARE, ACTUALLY.
IT'S NOT JUST ME, YOU KNOW.
THERE ARE LOTS OF PEOPLE
INVOLVED IN THIS!
OKAY, I CAN WORK WITH THAT.
SO, LET'S TALK TO THE FEDS.
MAYBE WE CAN MAKE A DEAL.
I KILLED TWO PEOPLE.
THERE'LL BE NO DEALS.
IT WASN'T SUPPOSED
TO GO LIKE THIS.
I WAS GOING TO BE DISGRACED.
OKAY, JEAN, I'M COMING OUT.
JUST DON'T SHOOT, ALL RIGHT?
JEAN,
YOU GOTTA TURN YOURSELF IN.
NO!
<GUNSHOT>
OKAY, PLEASE STOP
SHOOTING AT ME!
<VEHICLE APPROACHING>
JEAN? JEAN!
<TIRES SCREECHING>
<POLICE SIREN BLARING>
WHAT DID SHE SAY?
THAT SHE WASN'T
THE ONLY ONE INVOLVED.
THAT THERE ARE OTHERS.
YOU'RE DETERMINED TO MAKE THIS
YOUR BUSINESS, AREN'T YOU?
YOU WANNA TELL ME
WHAT HAPPENED HERE?
NOT SURE
IF I EVEN KNOW MYSELF.
SO, HOW DID YOU FIND
YOUR ONE DAY OFF?
DID IT KILL YOU?
IT WAS FUN, ACTUALLY.
REALLY?
MMM.
SO, I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT ASKING FOR A RAISE,
YOU KNOW?
OR A DESK AT LEAST.
YEAH, I WOULDN'T PUSH IT.
POPPY? WELL YOU'RE
FEELING WAY BETTER.
WHAT? OH, YES.
WELL, I'M GLAD YOU ENJOYED
YOUR SICK DAY.
ALTHOUGH I THINK
YOU WERE FAKING IT
TO GET UNCLE JAKE
AND UNCLE CHRISTIAN
TO SPEND MORE TIME TOGETHER.
AM I RIGHT?
NO FLIES ON THIS ONE.
SO, UH, HOW'D THEY MAKE OUT?
EITHER ONE KILL THE OTHER?
I SOLVED EVERYTHING,
TO BE PERFECTLY HONEST.
UNCLE JAKE PUNCHED THE MAYOR
AND A COUPLE
OTHER THINGS HAPPENED,
BUT THEY GOT ON ALL RIGHT.
WHAT?
MMM-MMM.
I LIKE HAVING YOU HERE.
NOBODY'S POINTING
A GUN AT YOUR FACE,
OR CHASING YOU AROUND
IN A CAR.
CHECK THE BANK ACCOUNT AGAIN.
CUDDLING ON THE STREET'S
NOT SO NICE, IS IT?
OKAY. YOU'RE RIGHT.
HEY,
I HEARD WHAT HAPPENED.
IT'S HORRIBLE.
YEAH, IT WAS PRETTY HORRIFIC.
BILL KNEW NOTHING ABOUT IT.
THE BRIBES,
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
YEAH, HE TOLD ME THAT TOO.
ANYWAY, YOU DIDN'T
HAPPEN TO...
DROP ANYTHING OFF
AT MY PLACE,
LIKE A NECKLACE, MAYBE?
YEAH, WE FOUND A PAWN TICKET
AT HARRY HOLDEN'S APARTMENT.
WELL THANK YOU.
I APPRECIATE IT.
IT'LL, UH, IT'LL LOOK
GREAT ON HER.
SHE'S LUCKY.
G'NIGHT,
JAKE DOYLE.
GOODNIGHT, LESLIE BENNETT.
WHO'S THAT?
JUST A FRIEND.
I THINK YOU SHOULD RETHINK
YOUR FRIENDSHIP WITH JAKE
I JUST DON'T TRUST HIM, HUN.
REALLY?
I KNOW I DIDN'T TELL YOU
THE TRUTH
ABOUT THE OTHER NIGHT,
AND I KNOW THAT I HAVE A BIT
OF A GAMBLING PROBLEM, BUT...
I JUST NEED YOU TO KNOW
THAT YOU CAN TRUST ME.
DO YOU?
STILL THINK THE MAYOR'S
INVOLVED IN THIS?
I THINK THAT MAYBE
I AM JEALOUS
AND I WANTED HIM TO BE DIRTY.
MAYBE.
MAYBE NOT.
EITHER WAY,
IT WAS A PLEASURE WORKING
WITH YOU, BROTHER.
I'M SORRY
THAT I ALMOST LOST
YOUR NECKLACE.
WELL TECHNICALLY
YOU DIDN'T ALMOST LOSE IT.
YOU LOST IT.
BUT LUCKILY,
I GOT IT BACK, SO...
SO... CHEERS.
CHEERS.
ALL RIGHT. CALL ME A CAB,
WILL YA?
CALL IT YOURSELF.
<MIMICKING>
"CALL IT YOURSELF!"
LATER.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
I LOVE THAT IT'S BEEN
STOLEN AND PAWNED.
IT'S VERY ROMANTIC.
OH, YEAH?
DOES THAT GET YOU ALL HOT
AND BOTHERED?
YEAH. IT DOES.
WELL YOU SHOULD ALSO KNOW
THAT IT DID SOME HARD TIME
IN THE POLICE LOCKUP.
REALLY?
MMM-HMM.
ALL THAT EFFORT.
IT'S TOO BAD IT'S GLASS.
WHAT? GIMME THAT.
HE SWITCHED IT!
I'M KIDDING!
<LAUGHS>
AH, YOU ARE VERY MEAN.
BUT IT IS VERY HOT.